Christopher,

 

I've made a first pass through your thesis. It's improved quite a bit
since the last copy you gave me, but does need some more work to finish
it. Here is some feedback:

 

General

x          Remove all grammatical contractions

-          Add a Conclusion section before Future Work

 

Abstract

-          You can't assume knowledge of LCS or EC

-          Motivate the use of LCS for time-series analysis (i.e.,
explain what's lacking in existing time-series analysis methods and why
LCS is the answer)

 

1. Motivation

-          Only one sentence addresses the question of why existing
time-series analysis methods are insufficient and why LCS can be
expected to overcome those insufficiencies

-          Tie back to time-series analysis at the end of the section

 

2. Previous Work

x          Relabel "1.2. Background"

-          2.1.1 Can you relate the "exploration-exploitation dilemma"
to the "plasticity-stability dilemma"?

-          2.3 Start by explaining LCS using a diagram (like in
Eiben2003), then repeat the diagram illustrating the differences for ZCS
and XCS (e.g., use a different filler for components unique to them and
also a different filler for components missing in them versus LCS)

-          2.3.1 Algorithm 2 looks more like the description of an
algorithm; can you distill compact pseudo code out of it and put that in
Alg. 2 and move the current content into the regular text to describe
Alg. 2?

 

4. Approach and Design

-          How about having the title reflect your algorithm (e.g.,
"Time Series Classifier")

-          Introduction and connecting text missing (4.1 in particular
is not understandable because of complete lack of context)

 

5. The Classifier System

-          Merge this chapter into chapter 4 as it seems to be an
integral part of your TSC system introduced in chapter 4

-          Again, context is missing making this very hard to
comprehend; how about grouping parameters according to related
subsystems of your TSC system (e.g., match set related, action set
related, evolution related, etc.)

 

6. Testing

-          Rename "Experimental Results"

-          Comparisons with other time-series analysis methods are
missing

-          Add two or three intermediate difficulty standard time-series
analysis benchmark experiments to show off your TSC

-          6.3 Data overload! Summarize instead and move full results to
an appendix

-          Statistical analysis of results missing

-          Discussion of results missing

 

I've also red-inked various more minor items on a hard copy which you
can pick up later this week.

 

One more thing: what would you think of replacing your current out of
department committee member with David Enke (also from Engineering
Management) who specializes in financial engineering and stock market
analysis?

 

Best wishes,

Dr. T

